Deploy Proxy notes:

Prerequisites:
1) find new AMI images to use
2) deploy new AMI images and install proxy.
3) Make sure that the new AMIs are in the /vars/envmapping.yaml file


Deployment:

profile (prof) and user stacks are treated the same in terms of deployment, should be done at same time. 

Live means the env we are updating
Test means the resources we spin up for testing the new proxies

1) If changing the image, shutdown Live Appstream Fleet. Wait for this to finish.
2) Run the ansible color deploy for the live stack. Continue without waiting for finishing. 
3) Create Test Appstream Stack and Fleet, associate them. Assign test image to the Test Fleet.
4) Update the Live Fleet image (optional, if there is an update)
5) Wait for the ansible to finish running
6) create streaming url for the test fleet. Log in as test_user
7) run powershell ise, run the test suite. If all successful, continue
8) Turn off the Test Fleet
9) Turn on the Live Fleet
10) Delete the Test Stack and Fleet


To deploy nonprod_color.sh
1. Make sure nonprod is selected in AutheticateMFA.sh
2. cd in to the r2d2 directory
3. then run ./Utilities/AutheticateMFA.sh 
4. now cd into ansible
5. run ./shell/nonprod_color.sh
6. Record any errors if any, if none then you are good to go.

List of AWS regions - 

US East (N. Virginia) us-east-1
US East (Ohio) us-east-2
US West (N. California) us-west-1
US West (Oregon) us-west-2

Africa (Cape Town) af-south-1

Asia Pacific (Melbourne) ap-southeast-4
Asia Pacific (Hyderabad) ap-south-2
Asia Pacific (Jakarta) ap-southeast-3
Asia Pacific (Mumbai) ap-south-1
Asia Pacific (Osaka) ap-northeast-3
Asia Pacific (Seoul) ap-northeast-2
Asia Pacific (Singapore) ap-southeast-1
Asia Pacific (Sydney) ap-southeast-2
Asia Pacific (Tokyo) ap-northeast-1

Canada (Central) ca-central-1

Europe (Frankfurt) eu-central-1
Europe (Ireland) eu-west-1
Europe (London) eu-west-2
Europe (Milan) eu-south-1
Europe (Paris) eu-west-3
Europe (Spain) eu-south-2
Europe (Stockholm) eu-north-1
Europe (Zurich) eu-central-2

Middle East (Bahrain) me-south-1
Middle East (UAE) me-central-1

South America (São Paulo) sa-east-1
